[3] Our groups analysis plan relied heavily on the “Hospital” Variable. We were very interested in what could drive to an increase in hospital visits and wanted to see the key drivers. Once the data was imported we needed select variables in the nHanes dataset that we believed were most likely to drive our dependent variable. We looked at factors such as sleep, kidney problems, amount of money spent eating out, and many others. We ultimately narrowed the list down to the ones we used in our code. Once we had the variables selected we cleaned them up and ran a regression on the 2013 data to see what factors are really driving hospital visits and answer our analysis questions. Running our regression helped show us the exact impact each of these variables has on hospital visits. Another big question we sought to answer was has the impact of these variables changed over time? In our analysis we ran a regression on 3 years (2009, 2011, & 2013). We wanted to see how they changed over time and while some didn’t tell us much, others like “number of hours of sleep each night” told an interesting story. We watched as the amount of sleep you got decreased hospital visits in 2009 to becoming more of a driver in 2013. In our analysis we wondered if rising rates of depression would help to explain this increase of impact. So while sleep used to be a good healthy indicator, as depression rates rose, more sleep might be a sign of deeper problems and driver of hospital visits. All very interesting things that we learned running our code to analyze the data.  

[5] We saw other people’s analysis on this data, which is what made us interested in choosing NHANES. However, we did not find any analyses done in the way that we wanted to analyze the data. We wanted to take a deep dive into why there may have been so many hospital visits, and what other variables may have caused those visits. We decided to take a total of 9 different variables; things like sleep, sedentary, eating out, kidney problems, etc. to see if there was anything that could tell a story on the reason for the amount of hospital visits. Since no one else had done an analysis in the way that we did (as far as we could find), we were not able to look at other code to form or help out with our analysis. Obviously, there are a lot of different analyses done on NHANES data, but in the ones that we searched for, none compared to what we wanted to try and find through this dataset. Our analysis was done on our own knowledge and with the help of the rest of the class and everything we had learned, so we weren’t able to make insights on anyone else’s code but our own.
